docs(apim): add upgrade guide for 3.18.10 (#852)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/installation-guide/upgrades/3.18.10/README.adoc

= Upgrade to 3.18.10

== Breaking changes

=== Bridge mode

> APIM Gateway used as bridge server need to be upgraded before APIM Gateway used as client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must upgrade the APIM Gateway while it is used in bridge server mode before it can be used in client mode.
```

Reviewer: Yeah I wasn't sure about this - see the edited suggestion?
